The question about community friendliness is a bit odd. I'd like the community to be less snarky sometimes, but my primary limiting factor to contributions is time and energy, not community obnoxiousness.
Putting altruism aside, the feeling of appreciation (as you said: praise) is probably the strongest factor that makes me write open-source stuff.
I like open sourcing my code when it makes sense, but I have other hobbies too and am not looking to expand the amount of time I spend on it.
I'd love to help out more but often feel daunted by the size and scope of new projects.  If I had someone who would take me under their wing I would definitely get involved with more projects.
Fuck MST. I'd probably work more with Perl if someone would give him the cement job. I used to enjoy #perl. Seriously, a seven year ban? He even klined me from irc.perl.org, and my sockpuppet which never said anything whatsoever, negative or not, about him.
CPAN needs to be cleaned up, I have old projects on CPAN that should be removed, not sure how to do this.  I work for a large Perl shop (60+ full-time perl programmers) and we almost never use CPAN code because it is often considered of questionable quality.  This is due to the fact that so much code is available that is dead.
One of my goals is to free up "more time" to be able to develop or contribute to opensource projects.   Hopefully soon!
I'd like to find more time to contribute. The day-to-day normal business does not provide much time for it 8-(
Good luck with the survey and I can't wait to see the results.
I used to contribute a lot to various F/OSS projects but outside factors like children+work impact the amount of F/OSS that I'm able to do.
Unhappy indirect feedback is a major demotivator. Example: Someone has a bad experience with something I've written, but they tweet about it instead of explain how it could be better.
[ This survey should be about "free software", not "open source" ]\n\nIn the recent years Github completely changed the rules of Free Software. With Git, merging becomes easy and contributors get credited in a structured way (that can be processed by programs) in the source history. Github adds the a convenient interface for publishing of work in progress and for tracking contributions.\n\nTo get more open source activity for CPAN modules we have to push CPAN authors to make it easier for other programmers to contribute.\nMany CPAN authors have a Github account with their modules hosted there. Unfortunately the link with their PAUSE account is too often not advertised either in the distribution metadata or on their profile at MetaCPAN.\nOne of my current CPAN quest is to push authors for which I see a Github repository to fix their metadata.
I seek interesting open source project, but could'n find
my participation is limited by the contract I have with my employer.  The community is already welcoming and supportive, the problem is on my end.
lots of talk about Perl, but not a lot of polished and "current" looking Perl products out there. The products are what people see. They don't see the code. Perl is not best in any product class anymore. If Perl is ever going to be at the top of popularity again it needs to attract far more designers, not coders.
