Fun, fun, fun :)
World Domination of Free/Libre and Open-Source Software!
I've indicated moral satisfaction as strongly motivating even though the term is fairly ambiguous, to clarify: the (fairly minor) contributions I've made are prompted by desire to "repay" the authors/contributors of that piece of software, in other words, if I find an unreported bug or can fix it, I feel it's my duty to all of the other contributors to act.
It keeps some of my code out of reach of the bad and meddlesome coders in my company.
fun
I want to keep Perl alive and viable (to keep my skills alive and viable).
Finishing something I got involved with. (Perl 6). And (this is partly, but only partly, an inside joke) "instant gratification and a sense of wonder and discovery".
Building a reputation, gaining prestige, respect, and acceptance among my peers as a "good" developer is very important to me.
Normally, people are intensely social creatures, and praise is part of that interaction. So socializing covers acknowledgement from peers. Different words emphasize different aspects of what is a complex topic.\n\nCreativity also covers having an outlet for that creativity.
I like to fork, it's the right thing to do in most cases. I can't fork unless I've got the source.
http://blogs.perl.org/users/joe_mcmahon1/2012/09/white-knight-a-meditation.html
The project needs to be as simple as possible to install.\nIf it can be packaged as a deb that is awesome so I can see what's going on.\nMake screencasts, here's a way to make them => http://www.garage-coding.com/antoine-ffmpeg.flv\nThere's a link inside the screencast to a gist on github which automatically makes screencasts :)\nMakes life easier :)\nYou will need to do some post-processing to cut out the parts with "Uuhhhhm" or "Aahhhh" :)\n\nGood luck, I'm looking forward to see some screencasts from you !
I love problem solving, even if they are not my problems. Also I am a big believer in open source, and that requires involvement.
i like perl
Having fun.\nBe free from PR department
Perl)
- I hate waiting on bug fixes\n- just because I can
A) It helps my job.  Being able to point people at my CPAN repo, or my patches to major Perl projects motivates me.\n\nB) When I make software do what I want, I presume other people might need it too, and there's little value in keeping it to myself.
Help Perl community
giving back to the pool
Being credited in the Git history of an important project (this fits in "Getting praise" and "Building a carrer").
I've had a lot of benefits from open source software in general, from the operating system I use (Linux) and all the applications I use, to all the code on CPAN I use when building things, both at work and for personal stuff; it only seems right, then, that I give back to the community where I can.
pride and glory\nfixing problems in the right place\ncode reuse\nif it works for me may be it will work for others\ngetting code contributions
Highly competent and diverse community. TIMTOWTDI
Sometimes modules need to be fixed to be usable at $work; when I spend time on a fix myself it is satisfying to know I might save someone else time by submitting a patch. Also a benefit that I won't forever have to apply my own patches, so maintainability is enhanced.
Maybe this is covered under "moral satisfaction" or "making the world a better place", but I feel a sense of duty to reciprocate - I have been helped by the work of others and I feel a responsibility to honor their contributions by adding some of my own.  I would call it "Perpetuating pay-it-forward"
Keep my brain sharper after retirement
To give thanks, as a small way of paying back from all the free software created by others that I make daily use of.
